chore: standardize DeBERTa model card (#37409)
huggingface/transformers: docs/source/en/model_doc/deberta.md

<hfoptions id="usage">
<hfoption id="Pipeline>

```py
import torch
from transformers import pipeline

classifier = pipeline(
    task="text-classification",
    model="microsoft/deberta-base-mnli",
    device=0,
)

classifier({
    "text": "A soccer game with multiple people playing.",
    "text_pair": "Some people are playing a sport."
})
```

</hfoption>
<hfoption id="AutoModel">

```py
import torch
from transformers import AutoModelForSequenceClassification, AutoTokenizer

model_name = "microsoft/deberta-base-mnli"
tokenizer = AutoTokenizer.from_pretrained("microsoft/deberta-base-mnli")
model = AutoModelForSequenceClassification.from_pretrained("microsoft/deberta-base-mnli", device_map="auto")

inputs = tokenizer(
    "A soccer game with multiple people playing.",
    "Some people are playing a sport.",
    return_tensors="pt"
).to("cuda")

with torch.no_grad():
    logits = model(**inputs).logits
    predicted_class = logits.argmax().item()

labels = ["contradiction", "neutral", "entailment"]
print(f"The predicted relation is: {labels[predicted_class]}")

```

</hfoption>

> <hfoption id="transformers-cli">

Reviewer: The cli was recently reworked :)

```suggestion
<hfoption id="transformers CLI">
```

```bash

> echo -e '{"text": "A soccer game with multiple people playing.", "text_pair": "Some people are playing a sport."}' | transformers-cli run --task text-classification --model microsoft/deberta-base-mnli --device 0

Reviewer: ```suggestion
echo -e '{"text": "A soccer game with multiple people playing.", "text_pair": "Some people are playing a sport."}' | transformers run --task text-classification --model microsoft/deberta-base-mnli --device 0
```

-->

<div style="float: right;">
    <div class="flex flex-wrap space-x-1">
        <img alt="PyTorch" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/PyTorch-DE3412?style=flat&logo=pytorch&logoColor=white">
        <img alt="TensorFlow" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/TensorFlow-FF6F00?style=flat&logo=tensorflow&logoColor=white">
</div>
    </div>
</div>

# DeBERTa

> [DeBERTa](https://arxiv.org/abs/2006.03654) stands for *Decoding-enhanced BERT with Disentangled Attention*, and it's like BERT and RoBERTa's smarter cousin. It builds on those models but takes things up a notch with two key ideas: disentangled attention and an enhanced mask decoder. Instead of mixing everything together like BERT, DeBERTa separates a word's *content* from its *position* and processes them independently—giving it a clearer sense of what's being said and where in the sentence it's happening.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[DeBERTa](https://huggingface.co/papers/2006.03654) improves the pretraining efficiency of BERT and RoBERTa with two key ideas, disentangled attention and an enhanced mask decoder. Instead of mixing everything together like BERT, DeBERTa separates a word's *content* from its *position* and processes them independently. This gives it a clearer sense of what's being said and where in the sentence it's happening.
```

> Another cool thing is how DeBERTa handles masked language modeling. Rather than relying on the traditional softmax decoder, it introduces a more powerful mechanism that makes better predictions and trains more efficiently.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The enhanced mask decoder replaces the traditional softmax decoder to make better predictions.
```

> Even with less training data than RoBERTa, DeBERTa manages to outperform it on several benchmarks. It's become a go-to model for high-performance language tasks, and it's especially great when you need strong accuracy without maxing out compute.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Even with less training data than RoBERTa, DeBERTa manages to outperform it on several benchmarks.
```

> You can find all DeBERTa checkpoints here
> [microsoft/deberta-base](https://huggingface.co/microsoft/deberta-base)
> [microsoft/deberta-large](https://huggingface.co/microsoft/deberta-large)
> [microsoft/deberta-large-mnli](https://huggingface.co/microsoft/deberta-large-mnli)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can find all the original DeBERTa checkpoints under the [Microsoft](https://huggingface.co/microsoft?search_models=deberta) organization.
```

> [!TIP]
> Click on the DeBERTa models in the right sidebar for more examples of how to apply DeBERTa to different language tasks.

> The example below demonstrates how to generate text based on an image with [`Pipeline`] or the [`AutoModel`] class.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The example below demonstrates how to classify text with [`Pipeline`], [`AutoModel`], and from the command line.
```

<hfoptions id="usage">
<hfoption id="Pipeline>

```py

> from transformers import pipeline

Reviewer: Clean it up a bit with:

```py
import torch
from transformers import pipeline

classifier = pipeline(
    task="text-classification",
    model="microsoft/deberta-base-mnli",
    device=0,
)

classifier({
    "text": "A soccer game with multiple people playing.",
    "text_pair": "Some people are playing a sport."
})
```

classifier = pipeline(
    task="text-classification",
    model="microsoft/deberta-base-mnli"
)

classifier({
    "text": "A soccer game with multiple people playing.",
    "text_pair": "Some people are playing a sport."
})
```

</hfoption>
<hfoption id="AutoModel">

```py

> import torch

Reviewer: ```py
import torch
from transformers import AutoModelForSequenceClassification, AutoTokenizer

model_name = "microsoft/deberta-base-mnli"
tokenizer = AutoTokenizer.from_pretrained("microsoft/deberta-base-mnli")
model = AutoModelForSequenceClassification.from_pretrained("microsoft/deberta-base-mnli", device_map="auto")

inputs = tokenizer(
    "A soccer game with multiple people playing.",
    "Some people are playing a sport.",
    return_tensors="pt"
).to("cuda")

with torch.no_grad():
    logits = model(**inputs).logits
    predicted_class = logits.argmax().item()

labels = ["contradiction", "neutral", "entailment"]
print(f"The predicted relation is: {labels[predicted_class]}")
```

from transformers import AutoTokenizer, AutoModelForSequenceClassification

model_name = "microsoft/deberta-base-mnli"
tokenizer = AutoTokenizer.from_pretrained(model_name)
model = AutoModelForSequenceClassification.from_pretrained(model_name)

inputs = tokenizer(
    "A soccer game with multiple people playing.",
    "Some people are playing a sport.",
    return_tensors="pt"
)

with torch.no_grad():
    logits = model(**inputs).logits
    predicted_class = logits.argmax().item()

labels = ["contradiction", "neutral", "entailment"]
print(f"The predicted relation is: {labels[predicted_class]}")

```

</hfoption>
<hfoption id="transformers-cli">

```bash

> echo -e '{"text": "A soccer game with multiple people playing.", "text_pair": "Some people are playing a sport."}' | transformers-cli run --task text-classification --model microsoft/deberta-base-mnli

Reviewer: ```suggestion
echo -e '{"text": "A soccer game with multiple people playing.", "text_pair": "Some people are playing a sport."}' | transformers-cli run --task text-classification --model microsoft/deberta-base-mnli --device 0
```

```

</hfoption>
</hfoptions

## Notes

> - DeBERTa uses **relative position embeddings**, so it does **not require right-padding** like BERT.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- DeBERTa uses **relative position embeddings**, so it does not require **right-padding** like BERT.
```

> - It separates **content** and **position** information in its attention mechanism, which improves contextual understanding.

Reviewer: Already mentioned in the opening paragraphs

```suggestion
```

> - For best results, use DeBERTa on **sentence-level or sentence-pair classification tasks** like MNLI, RTE, or SST-2.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- For best results, use DeBERTa on sentence-level or sentence-pair classification tasks like MNLI, RTE, or SST-2.
```

> - If you're using DeBERTa for token-level tasks like masked language modeling, make sure to load a checkpoint that was specifically pre-trained or fine-tuned for it

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If you're using DeBERTa for token-level tasks like masked language modeling, make sure to load a checkpoint specifically pretrained or fine-tuned for token-level tasks.
```
